=pod

=head1 NAME

Starch::Store::DBIx::Connector - Starch storage backend using DBIx::Connector.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    my $starch = Starch->new(
        store => {
            class => '::DBIx::Connector',
            connector => [
                $dsn,
                $username,
                $password,
                { RaiseError=>1, AutoCommit=>1 },
            ],
            table => 'my_states',
        },
    );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This L<Starch> store uses L<DBIx::Connector> to set and get state data.

Very little is documented in this module as it is just a subclass
of L<Starch::Store::DBI> modified to use L<DBIx::Connector>
instead of L<DBI>.

=head1 REQUIRED ARGUMENTS

=head2 connector

This must be set to either an array ref arguments for L<DBIx::Connector>
or a pre-built object (often retrieved using a method proxy).

When configuring Starch from static configuration files using a
L<method proxy|Starch/METHOD PROXIES>
is a good way to link your existing L<DBIx::Connector> object
constructor in with Starch so that starch doesn't build its own.

=head1 OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS

=head2 method

The L<DBIx::Connector> method to call when executing queries.
Must be one of C<run>, C<txn>, or C<svp>.  Defaults to C<run>.

=head2 mode

The L<connection mode|DBIx::Connector/Connection Modes> to use
when running the L</method>.  Defaults to C<undef> which lets
L<DBIx::Connector> use whichever mode it has been configured to use.
Must be on of C<ping>, C<fixup>, C<no_ping>, or C<undef>.

Typically you will not want to set this as you will have provided
a pre-built L<DBIx::Connector> object, using a method proxy, which
you've already called L<DBIx::Connector/mode> on.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 set

Set L<Starch::Store/set>.

=head2 get

Set L<Starch::Store/get>.

=head2 remove

Set L<Starch::Store/remove>.

=head1 SUPPORT

Please submit bugs and feature requests to the
Starch-Store-DBIx-Connector GitHub issue tracker:

L<https://github.com/bluefeet/Starch-Store-DBIx-Connector/issues>

=head1 AUTHOR

Aran Clary Deltac <bluefeetE<64>gmail.com>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks to L<ZipRecruiter|https://www.ziprecruiter.com/>
for encouraging their employees to contribute back to the open
source ecosystem.  Without their dedication to quality software
development this distribution would not exist.

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
